src/week3/fibonacci/README.md, before:

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## Project Description

The Body Mass Index (BMI) or Quetelet index is a value derived from the mass (weight) and height of an individual, male or female. The BMI is defined as the body mass divided by the square of the body height and is universally expressed in units of kg/m2, resulting from the mass in kilograms and height in meters. The formula is:

```Java
BMI = ( mass or weight ) / ( height * height );
```
where, mass or weight is in Kg, height is in meters.

Write a program that takes as input the weight and height from a user. Program should calculate and output the BMI.

<!-- TECHNOLOGIES -->
### Technologies


<a href="https://www.java.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/779b5d6e2264b20bcafdc3c6a517048042aa799f/images/java.svg" alt="Java" height="80" /></a>




<!-- OUTPUT SCREENSHOTS -->
### Output Screenshots
<!--CHANGE ONLY SRC -NOTHING ELSE -->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/main/images/outputSS/week1/bmi.png" alt="bmi-calculator" />


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks?style=for-the-badge)


Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.




<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

### Mehmet Akif Tanisik 

<a href="https://github.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik" target="_blank">
<img  src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 20px;" />
</a>
<a href = "mailto:matnsk@outlook.com?subject = Feedback&body = Message">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/send-email-email?&style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftoutlook&color=CD5C5C alt=microsoftoutlook style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-left:20px" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mehmet-akif-tanisik" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-left:20px" />
</a>  
<a href="https://twitter.com/makiftanisik" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-left:20px" />
</a>

<!-- PROJECT-BOOTCAMP-PRACTICUM PART -->
<br />

## ebebek Java & QA & SAP Spartacus Practicum
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.e-bebek.com">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/main/images/ebebek-logo.png" alt="Logo" width="200" height="50">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Company: ebebek</h3>
</div>
<br>
<br><br>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.patika.dev/tr">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/779b5d6e2264b20bcafdc3c6a517048042aa799f/images/patika-logo.svg" alt="Logo" width="240" height="50">
  </a>
<h3 align="center">Organizer: Patika.dev</h3>
</div>

Commit message:

README.md added for fibonacci

src/week3/fibonacci/README.md, after:

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## Project Description

The Fibonacci series is a series where the next term is the sum of the previous two terms. The first two terms of the Fibonacci sequence are 0 followed by 1.

Example:
```Java
    Fibonacci Series: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34 ...
```

Write a program that takes as input number from a user. Program should print Fibonacci Series with n number.

<!-- TECHNOLOGIES -->
### Technologies


<a href="https://www.java.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/779b5d6e2264b20bcafdc3c6a517048042aa799f/images/java.svg" alt="Java" height="80" /></a>




<!-- OUTPUT SCREENSHOTS -->
### Output Screenshots
<!--CHANGE ONLY SRC -NOTHING ELSE -->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/main/images/outputSS/week3/fibonacci.png" alt="bmi-calculator" />


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks?style=for-the-badge)


Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.




<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

### Mehmet Akif Tanisik 

<a href="https://github.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik" target="_blank">
<img  src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 20px;" />
</a>
<a href = "mailto:matnsk@outlook.com?subject = Feedback&body = Message">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/send-email-email?&style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftoutlook&color=CD5C5C alt=microsoftoutlook style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-left:20px" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mehmet-akif-tanisik" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-left:20px" />
</a>  
<a href="https://twitter.com/makiftanisik" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-left:20px" />
</a>

<!-- PROJECT-BOOTCAMP-PRACTICUM PART -->
<br />

## ebebek Java & QA & SAP Spartacus Practicum
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.e-bebek.com">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/main/images/ebebek-logo.png" alt="Logo" width="200" height="50">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Company: ebebek</h3>
</div>
<br>
<br><br>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.patika.dev/tr">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mehmet-akif-tanisik/ebebekJavaPracticumHomeworks/779b5d6e2264b20bcafdc3c6a517048042aa799f/images/patika-logo.svg" alt="Logo" width="240" height="50">
  </a>
<h3 align="center">Organizer: Patika.dev</h3>
</div>
